Push 
C'mon she almost there push c'mon 
C'mon c'mon push it's almost there 
One more time c'mon 

C'mon push baby one more time 
Harder harder push harder 
Push push c'mon 
One more time here it goes 
I see the head
Yeah c'mon 
Yeah
Yeah
You did it baby yeah

The hibby, the hibby dibby hip hop and ya don't stop 
Rock it out baby bubba, to the boogedy bang bang 
The boogey to the boogedy beat 
Now what you hear is not a test, I'm rappin', to the beat 

God damnit Voletta, what the f*ck are you doin'?
You can't control that goddamn boy? (What?)
I just saw Mr. Johnson, he told me he caught the motherfucking boy shoplifting 
What the f*ck are you doing? 
You can't control the guy, I don't know what the f*ck to do with that boy
(What the f*ck do you want me to do?)
If if you can't fucking control that boy, I'ma send him
(All you fucking do is bitch at me)
Bitch, bitch, I'ma send his motherfuckin' ass to a group home goddamnit, what?
I'll smack the shit outta you bitch, what, what the f*ck?
(Kiss my black ass motherfucker)
You're fuckin' up
(Comin' in here smelling like sour socks you dumb motherfucker) 

Gizmo's cuttin', up for the 
Suckers that's, down with me

What nigga you want to rob them motherfuckin' trains you crazy? 
Yes, yes, motherfucker, motherfuckin' right, nigga yes 
Nigga what the f*ck nigga? 
We gonna get
Nigga it's eighty-seven nigga, is you dead broke? 
Yeah nigga but, but
Motherfucker is you broke motherfucker? 
We need to get some motherfuckin' paper nigga 
Nigga it's a train ain't nobody robbed no motherfuckin' train 
Just listen man, your mother givin' you money nigga? 
My moms don't give me shit nigga, it's time to get paid nigga 
Is you wit me? Motherfucker is you wit me? 
Yeah I'm wit you nigga c'mon 
Alright then nigga lets make it happen then 
All you motherfuckers get on the fuckin' floor 
Get on the motherfuckin' floor
Chill, give me all your motherfuckin' money 
And don't move nigga
I want the fuckin' jewelry 
Give me every fuckin' thing 
Nigga I'd shut the f*ck up or I'ma blow your motherfuckin' brains out 
Shut the f*ck up bitch, give me your fuckin' money motherfucker
F*ck you bitch, get up off that shit 
What the f*ck you holdin' on to that shit for bitch? 

Open C74, Smalls 
Mr. Smalls, let me walk you to the door 
So how does it feel leavin' us? 
C'mon man, what kind of fuckin' question is that man? 
Tryin' to get the f*ck up out this joint dog 
Yeah, yeah, you'll be back 
You niggaw always are 
Go head man, what the f*ck is you hollerin' about? 
You won't see me up in this motherfucker no more 
We'll see 
I got big plans nigga, big plans