Now 
City 2 City State 2 State 
Country 2 Country but most of all..... 

I rock from street to street and alley to alley 
While all you couch potatoes watch Ricki and Sally 
So all you so called players better hide in the Valley 
'Cause real G's put the Killer in Cali 
[Repeat] 

I don't think none of y'all want to test this 
From bus tokens and transfers to Lexus 
Never sex less, they all want the pipe layer 
I come bang on that ass so I can get player player 

The way that I operate will thrill you for days 
To all my niggas turnin' green in the face from eatin' microwave meals, 
And I kill off a whole fuckin' race 
Now I arrive to you and rock the whole fuckin' place 

Hear me now, it's bully loco, baby 
And if I could I'd play em all 'cause they skanless and shady, nigga 
Don't put your hands on em, 'cause they lock that ass up 
But they try to hold me down so I can knock that ass up 

You got me fucked up in the realest way, or do I feel this way 
You're quick to get knocked, while I struggle and strive 
Throw up your doves and your E's while you're pumpin' this beat 
On a hundred and fuckin' Loony, 'cause that's my street 

[Chorus] 
E-A-Ski goin' keep bringin' the paprika to your speaker 
As I fly over MC's and I watch em get weaker, uhh 
At a club we come deep as the beat gets funky 
Then I get tipsy off Hennessey and start feelin on monkeys 

Damn love, you're lookin' good in them tight ass jeans 
To all my bitches writin' mad cheques, for the finer things 
As it comes through the door, I creeps up real slow 
This ain't Joe, fools, I'm a be a player for sure 

How ya like it, baby? How ya like it, boo? 
How ya like it, baby? How ya like it? Player style 
How ya like it, baby? How ya like it, boo? 
How ya like it, baby? They say she like it player style 

You want to make love but do you want to wild thug f*ck? 
She want to get fucked so like Luke, I put her in the bump 
You can't take it so I'm laughin as you cum to this beat 
On a Hundred-&-Fuckin Loony 'cause that's my street 

[Chorus]

Can't believe somebody tried to test this 
Skanless fools just got me for my Lexus 
Now I'm sexless and I wish I had that bus token 
I know y'all niggas laughin, but fool I ain't jokin 

Smokin the hump with dreams of livin lavish like Donald Trump 
While niggas go out like Willie LumpLump 
At least I know my main squeeze will be there for me 
The way I lay the law down, she gots ta care for me 

Mr.Professional, I'm not an amateur by far 
'cause I leave the pussy open like AAH!! 
I'm just a motherfuckin real OG and ask my click, bitch 
F*ck that pretty boy shit 

You know you want to real nigga, that's strictly out to win 
So now I like to drink Brandy 'cause we're best friends 
F*ck your player style to this bomb ass beat 
On a Hundred-&-Fuckin Loony 'cause that's my street 

[Chorus]